Guild icon
Star Wars: New Jedi Order
Stories / winters-heart
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 12/2/2024 8:26 AM
It started out the same as these things usually do.

Jacen, Jaina, and Anakin Solo are put to bed by their favourite nanny, Winter Retrac. She alludes to a childhood memory involving their mother. Jacen and Jaina, hungry for information they can use against their parents to bargain for extra privileges, tug on that thread and beg for details. Winter is unable to resist indulging the children. The rest that follows is only natural.

That was her first mistake.

Winter loved telling them about Alderaan the most. She often told them stories of simpler times, on a beautiful, lush planet, rich with tradition. She told them about her and Leia's favourite one, spanning back thousands of years--

"Presents?!" the twins had asked in unison.

"Lots of them," Winter responded dreamily, making her second mistake that night.

The next day, she was assaulted with pleas by the twins to recreate the traditional Alderaanian festival, Winter's Heart. They had insisted it was to surprise their mother who was working so hard, but their underlying motive was as clear as an Alderaanian winter day.

Winter looked at Anakin, who was oblivious to her silent plea. He only grinned and said, "Presents!" 

That was how she found herself in front of her beloved, Tycho Celchu, holding a datapad crammed with text on the screen.

"... Which is why I need your help," she said, producing an identical datapad and handing it to Tycho. "I've already outlined an itinerary for the day, but I can't possibly do all of this by myself."

She swiped up on his datapad, the text barely large enough to read, and pointed at one of the lines.

"Can you help with recreating the roast kulkan?" (edited)
Avatar
Tycho Celchu BOT 12/2/2024 10:07 PM
Tycho narrowed his eyes, having to squint to read the fine print displayed on the datapad.

The two of them were seated in a cosy booth in the corner of the dining room of the Pinnacle, one of Coruscant's most prestigious and expensive dining establishments. He'd been surprised at Winter's invitation; despite her confidence, he found that he was usually the one to initiate when it came to their relationship.

Of course, he jumped at the opportunity to see her. All throughout the day, he'd daydreamed about this evening, ecstatic at the prospect of even just getting to hold her hand and see her smile. He'd had his hair trimmed and had his dress uniform neatly pressed, even going through the trouble of shaving and breaking the seal on his best cologne.

Now, here he was, reading one of the densest and most detailed itineraries he'd ever seen. Not even Wedge's post-battle report of the Battle of Endor came close to this daunting word count.

He slowly looked up from his datapad, clenching his jaw and sucking air through his teeth.

"You know, Winter...." he said hesitantly, "I'm not exactly a culinary artist. Remember when I tried roasting ronk?" (edited)
Image attachment
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 12/3/2024 1:54 PM
Winter smiled fondly, thinking back to when she met Tycho in the cave on Cilpar. She had her blaster pointed at him, and she was exasperated that the fire he and Wes had started were drawing in the ronks. However, the smell of the roast he was making was tempting. It was her first real meal aside from field rations for weeks.

"That's what the recipe is for," she reassured him, running a finger over a line on his datapad. "Besides, you're a far better cook than I am."

Winter took a sip of wine from her long-neglected glass. It was a popular brand that Alderaan used to export that was well worth its price tag. She savoured the taste, surprised at how closely it replicated her memory of the last Winter's Heart she had experienced so many years ago.

She had ordered almost every Alderaanian dish and a select few drinks on the menu. Winter's Heart involved an abundant feast, which was going to be a daunting task for a couple that seldom cooked together. She was hoping she and Tycho could replicate the taste to make an authentic experience. For the children, of course. 

Treating Tycho along the way was a bonus.

She set her datapad aside in preparation for the numerous plates that were headed their way. "You can help me with the other dishes while the roast is going," she continued, oblivious to his incredulous eyes. "The recipes I've included look simple enough."

At her mention of the roast, a WA-7 waitress droid walked by carrying several dishes for another table. Winter eyed the Alderaanian ones in anticipation, her mouth starting to salivate. She took a good whiff.

"Is that a new cologne?" (edited)
Avatar
Tycho Celchu BOT 12/3/2024 9:54 PM
Tycho's eyes widened in horror at the realisation. Winter was right; he was a better cook than she was. By the Force, they were doomed.

However, all of his terror immediately dissipated when Winter commented on his rugged aroma. He grinned from ear-to-ear, sitting up a little straighter as he adjusted his coat's cuffs.

"It's a new Chandrilan," Tycho beamed. "Wes put me on it. He says the ladies love it."

Smooth as shimmersilk, the Rogue picked up his own wine glass and slid along the circular booth seat, shimmying himself right next to Winter. The cologne had a creamy-spicy smell to it, not unlike the rich, spiced mead typically enjoyed during Winter's Heart. He took a small swig from his glass, savouring the taste as he set it down next to hers. 

"You know," Tycho remarked, "there's more to Winter's Heart than the feast. There's games and events, and music to boot. Not to mention all of the presents. How're you gonna put all of this stuff together without attracting attention? Pulling all of this off in the Chief of State's own home, right under her nose, is one Hell of a longshot."

Tycho's tone of voice was light and relaxed, fully expecting Winter to already have all of the answers. As he spoke, he leaned into her, letting his shoulder brush up against hers.
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 12/5/2024 7:27 PM
Winter blushed. Indeed, everything Tycho had listed was something she had already accounted for in her itinerary.

"I'll be spending my day off beforehand preparing for everything." Winter explained, as if she were briefing a mission to him. "I've recruited Han and Threepio to help, and I'm waiting to hear back from Skywalker. Leia will be stuck in council meetings the day of." Although it was no longer part of her duties, she knew the Chief of State's schedule just as well as her own's, and selected the optimal day that her movements were limited. 

With Tycho closer, Winter got a better smell of his cologne, and for a moment was distracted by the warm, spiced scent. She gazed at his face, really looking at him for the first time that night. Did he get a haircut? She leaned in--

"Great, the food hasn't arrived yet!"

Snapped out of her reverie, Winter looked up to see Plourr headed toward their booth, along with several other members and former members of Rogue Squadron. She was dressed more appropriately for mechanic work than a fine-dining establishment. Following shortly behind her, at a plausible enough distance to assume he wasn't associated with the brusque, redheaded woman was Wes, wearing his prim uniform similar to Tycho's. Walking next to him was Wedge, also clad in a formal suit. He flashed a warm smile at the couple when they looked his way.

"Oh!" Winter said. "Looks like the rest of the Rogues are starting to arrive." (edited)
Avatar
Tycho Celchu BOT 12/5/2024 9:32 PM
The rest of the Rogues?

Tycho flinched as Plourr's voice filled the room, instinctively pulling away from Winter as his posture stiffened. The tall woman slid into the booth, stuffing herself between Winter and Tycho, pushing the couple apart even farther. She wrapped her arms around the both of their shoulders, a big, beaming smile washing over her face.

"Ooh, wine! Excellent, I'm parched."

Removing her arm from Tycho's back, Plourr reached out and scooped his glass up from the table. She brought it up and tilted her head back, downing the wine in a single gulp.

Wedge and Wes slid into the booth next to Tycho, and the rest of the Rogue sat down at Winter's side. Almost as if on cue, several waitresses approached the booth, their arms filled with trays, each tray sporting plates absolutely jam packed with Alderaanian delicacies. Wedge whistled, grabbing a napkin from the table and stuffing it into his shirt collar.

"Great spread, eh Tycho?"

Tycho forced a smile, sinking into his seat.

"Yeah, great..." (edited)
Image attachment
Image attachment
Image attachment
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 12/6/2024 8:13 AM
"Thanks for helping us finish the food," Winter said to the table, laying a napkin across her lap. She couldn't believe how many Rogues were able to make it tonight. "Just make sure Tycho tries everything. Of course, it's on me."

Everyone around Winter and Tycho cheered. As the waitress droids placed down the dishes, another droid handed out glasses and dining plates, with an extra large one for Tycho. Winter turned toward him, Plourr's arm still casually dangled over her, with a serious expression on her face.

"For each dish, tell me if you remember having it for Winter's Heart," she instructed. "And whether it was authentic."

Although Winter's primary reason for going out to dinner was ultimately for planning an event for the Solo children, it was easy to push it out of her mind. As her glass emptied, Tycho's plate stacked with more food, and they exchanged childhood stories from their shared home planet, she almost forgot she had to actually cook the dishes she had been enjoying.

Of course, she couldn't forget.

---

So far, Winter's itinerary had been carried out perfectly. She had assigned everyone duties and even received confirmation from Skywalker that he could attend the festivities. Not that it was hard to convince anyone to do something for the sake of the Solo children.

Her first item on the agenda was shopping. She was in the Embassy Mall, which was located in the dome-shaped Nicandra Building. Like any shopping centre on Coruscant on any given day, it was packed with humans, aliens, and droids, all of which ranged from bargain hunters to those with more credits to spend than sense.

Winter had zipped through her list, and only had one item left to find with an hour to spare. (edited)
"The InGear!" blared a voice from the telescreen in the Solo family living room.

"Check it out!" cried another voice. "10% plasteel, 90% attitude!"

Winter's eyes glazed over when the commercials on HoloNet started, uninterested in anything that didn't contain political information. Jacen and Jaina were on the floor, lying flat on their stomachs with their legs kicking in the air. Their eyes were glued to the screen of flashing colours and children hovering on skimboards with nonsensical advertising. Later that night, they had begged their parents for a skimboard, insisting that they needed it.

"I'm not convinced this isn't dangerous," Han remarked. "I've seen kids take advantage of the anti-collision to fly with these things."

"Don't give them ideas," Leia chided lightheartedly. "But I'm a little surprised that your first reaction to this was how dangerous it was."

Han's eyes widened, his mouth falling open.

"I'm getting old."

Winter made her way through the stores. She knew skimboards were popular, but what she was looking for was the limited re-release of the toy skimboard, InGear, from the commercial, designed for small children with less features than the original skimboard. Every store she scoured that either didn't have it or was sold out was more disheartening than the last.

Finally, she spotted it at her sixth stop - a large store that sold higher-end personal transport. She thanked the stars that she got there right before the last one sold. As she reached her hand to grab the box from the shelf, however, she felt resistance. She pulled harder.

"Hey!"
Avatar
Adversarial Shopper BOT 12/6/2024 7:37 PM
A cursory glance revealed that another hand had grabbed the box from the other side of the shelf, preventing Winter from claiming the toy. Tracing her gaze from the pink, four-fingered hand up the long, equally pink arm, Winter saw an amphibian face with nostrils flared, yellow eyes blinking at her from atop narrow eyestalks, droopy moustache-like spines hanging from its long, billed mouth. Its fringed, fin-like ears pulled back, an indication of surprise similar to Winter's exclamation.

A layman would have seen just an ordinary, elderly Gungan. However, as an eideteker with a thorough political education, Winter knew who she was looking at immediately.

The former Gungan Representative: Jar Jar Binks.

"Ex squeeze me," Jar Jar squeaked with a big, toothy grin. "Disa one's mine." (edited)
Image attachment
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 12/7/2024 5:43 PM
Winter stood there, stunned, but kept her hand on the box. She didn't realize that she had been struggling with someone else for the last InGear.

She cleared her throat, politely covering her mouth, and straightened her posture.

"Pardon me," she said, embarrassed from her previous outburst. "You're the former Gungan Representative, Jar Jar Binks, right? My name is Winter Retrac and I work for the New Republic government. It's a pleasure to meet you. "

Years of working as a Rebellion spy and government agent made persuasion one of Winter's specialities. She carried herself with such refinement that many had confused her for Princess Leia herself.

The InGear was as good as hers. (edited)
Avatar
Jar Jar Binks BOT 12/7/2024 10:13 PM
Jar Jar grinned again, his moustache quills quivering with the movement of his big fish lips. He tilted his head, blinking his stalked eyes at Winter.

"Heyo-dalee, Miss Winter!" He chirped. "Yousa be lettin' go now, okeeday? Disa skimmin' board tis for meesa..... uh.... nephew!"

That was a blatant lie, and Winter knew it. Jar Jar had no close relatives.

He tugged on the InGear, trying to wrest it from Winter's grasp. He let out a cheerful giggle as he did so. (edited)
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 12/8/2024 12:50 AM
Winter did not relent to Binks. She had no idea why a former esteemed emeritus would even want a children's toy, but she had a feeling the reason would elude her regardless. She was on a mission - even if it didn't involve the usual disguises, espionage, and danger to her life, she felt the same amount of pressure when it came to making the children happy.

"You must be a wonderful uncle," she said through a fake smile. "I can relate. I have two darling nephews and a niece. They have been really well-behaved lately, and I wanted to reward them."

Somewhere, Jacen and Jaina simultaneously sneezed.

Winter took a step closer to Binks, who had a surprisingly strong grip for his age, and tightened her own. 

"You understand, don't you?" she asked, her voice raising in pitch. "I can't let them down."
Avatar
Jar Jar Binks BOT 12/9/2024 4:02 PM
Somehow, while she was speaking, Winter managed to wrest control of the InGear away from Jar Jar. He gasped incredulously, but nevertheless let her speak.

It seemed to be working. He lowered his gaze, his lips pursing at the mention of the children. For a few moments, he seemed to be somewhere else. What – or who – could he be thinking about? For someone with as long and interesting a life as Jar Jar Binks, the possibilities were endless. Maybe it was another child. A real child, who at one point had been good.

It didn't last long.

Suddenly, Jar Jar opened his mouth. His long, glistening tongue shot out, rocketing forward several feet in the blink of an eye, hitting the skimboard box with a wet squelch! Pulling his head back, Jar Jar used the adhesive, inhumanly strong appendage to yank the box out of Winter's hand, clamping down on it with his teeth as it reached his mouth.

Then, with one more cheeky grin, he turned around and made a break for it, sprinting towards the front of the store. (edited)
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 12/11/2024 10:16 PM
.
Image attachment
Shocked, Winter stared at the empty spot where Binks had been, her arms still hanging in the air from when she was holding the box. For perhaps the first time in her life, Winter doubted her memory of events, even though they had just happened.

By the time she sprung into action, Binks had put considerable distance between her and himself. She was sprinting, but unfortunately for her, the store was crowded, and only more people were pooling in. Binks stumbled his way through the sea of humans and aliens, which parted way for the Gungan.

Winter wasn't so lucky as she weaved through the crowds and store aisles. She was more reluctant to shove other people aside. As he neared the front desk, every so often glancing behind him to see if she was still chasing him, she picked up her pace. 

In her haste, Winter bumped into a female Zeltron, causing the both of them to drop their shopping bags.

"Hey!" she barked, her skin turning a deeper shade of red. "Watch where you're going!"

"Sorry." Winter quickly collected the bags on the floor beneath her and took off. As she started closing in on Binks, the Zeltron she bumped into called out after her.

"You took one of my bags!"

Winter stole a look down at her bags, telling at a glance that one of the bags wasn't hers. She looked up at Binks, whose silhouette shrank in the distance. With a heavy sigh, she skidded to a stop, narrowly crashing into a family of three.

When the Zeltron caught up to Winter, the latter woman untangled the bag handles in her grasp and handed the stolen bag back to the alien, who only glared in response as she snatched it back.

Winter started for the front desk again, but stopped when she saw she was too late. Binks was already checking out the skimboard. He glanced behind him, and when he caught Winter's aghast expression, flashed her a smug grin before turning back to finish purchasing his prize. (edited)
She knew this was the last place in the mall that could have carried the InGear. She stood in the middle of the store for a few moments as others walked around her. Knowing she couldn't stew in her defeat for long, she made her way out through a different checkout than the one Binks had been in.

They're just going to have to wait until next year.

---

Winter made it back home to her apartment, still on time with her itinerary. She had gotten the Solo children smaller presents - puzzles, books, and mind-enriching toys - that were hopefully enough altogether for them to enjoy.

She hung up her coat and dropped her shopping bags on the table in her living room. Aside from a vase containing a bouquet of flowers Tycho had bought her the night of their dinner at the Pinnacle, Winter's living room lacked decoration. Most of her apartment looked the same as the day she had moved into it. 

For the rest of the day, it was going to be her work station.

Before she got started with the rest of her itinerary, she needed to check in with how the rest of her plan was going. She took her holotransmitter out of her pocket and dialed the Solo family apartment number.

For a while, nothing happened. Winter was contemplating trying again later when the holotransmitter projected a blue holo of a protocol droid.

"Threepio," Winter said. "How are the children? Have you made much progress with the decorations?" (edited)
Avatar
C-3PO BOT 12/12/2024 9:16 PM
"Lady Winter! So delightful to hear from you!"

Threepio bounced with mechanical jubilation as he greeted Winter. His voice was light and chipper, his good mood evident even through the crunchy audio of the holotransmitter. It may have just been visual distortion, or the light catching against his golden plating, but for a split second, it almost looked like the old protocol droid was smiling. 

"Things are going splendidly!  estimate we'll be more than ready for tomorrow. In fact, while I have you, I was wondering if I could run some ideas by you. You see-"

As Threepio prattled on, there was a knock at Winter's door. (edited)
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 12/13/2024 5:45 PM
"Oh! Someone's at the door. Let me get back to you."

Winter turned off her holotransmitter, cutting Threepio off in the middle of his sentence. She had given him the task of creating festive decorations with the children. He was saddled with as much information about Winter's Heart that Winter could gather from the Library of the Republic, annotated with her (extensive) notes, but the exact details of how they were going to recreate the feel of the Alderaanian festival were ultimately up to him.

She was pleased that despite not obtaining the InGear, it seemed the rest of her itinerary was still going smoothly.

Winter dashed to her apartment door controls and pressed the button on the panel to open it.

"I should really get you a keycard, Tycho."
Avatar
Tycho Celchu BOT 12/17/2024 6:31 PM
Tycho stood in Winter's doorway, most of his body hidden behind a mountain of brand new cookware, gift wrapping supplies, and grocery bags, all of which he precariously cradled in his arms. With most of his body hidden behind the mass of consumer goods, it wasn't immediately apparent that it was him, at least to the unaware eye.

However, he just so happened to be wearing a pair of scuffed brown hiking boots that he had worn on a hiking trip with Winter six months and fourteen days prior.

The Rogue grunted as he hobbled into Winter's flat, sweat beading down his temple as he strained against the weight. He kicked off his boots, nudging them onto the mat near the door.

He perked up at Winter's remark.

"Wait, really? Do you mean that???" (edited)
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 12/17/2024 10:33 PM
Standing on her tiptoes, Winter surveyed the inventory that she could see that Tycho was carrying, which towered over her. 

"Of course," Winter responded, not sure why Tycho was so ecstatic. It was only natural he would need unfettered access to her apartment if he was going to continue to help her with projects in the future.

She dropped her holotransmitter back in her pocket, deciding that Threepio didn't need any direction from her. As Tycho made his way inside, Winter noticed for the first time how small her apartment was from how crowded it started feeling. She picked up the bags she had just placed on the table and put them onto the floor, then turned to Tycho again.

"Okay, take a step forward. And another step. Now one to your left..."

Miraculously, as he set his pile of supplies on the table, everything stayed intact except for a tube of wrapping paper that tumbled down onto the floor, bouncing upward slightly before rolling away. While Tycho turned to grab the fallen tube, Winter dug right into sorting items, grabbing the grocery bags and various cooking implements. She recognized many of them as tools Threepio had used when he cooked for the Solos as she placed them on her apartment's spotless kitchen counter. 

"Everything is here," Winter noted as she finished, setting the last pan down carefully. She pecked Tycho's cheek. "Thank you."

Winter walked over to the kitchen fridge and fully opened it, the automatic lights reflecting unobstructed against its pristine white walls. "Do you think this is enough for all of the food?" (edited)
Avatar
Tycho Celchu BOT 12/17/2024 11:09 PM
Tycho gave up his pursuit of the wrapping paper, his face burning a bright red when Winter pecked him on the cheek. Even after all this time, the ice cold lady made his heart melt.

"It should be fine," he said as he stepped over, squatting down next to her as he surveyed the fridge's contents. The pale fridgelight shone over his face, cooling his blush and returning him to his usual fair and rugged hue. He rested one hand on his bowed knee, using his other hand to scratch his chin, his lips pursed and his brow furrowed. 

"Here, I can handle the food prep for now. How about you go wrap some presents? I grabbed that special self-adhesive kind, figured it'd make things easier."

He pushed himself back to his feet with a quiet grunt. Before Winter could get away, he wrapped his arm around her shoulder and leaned in, planting a big, warm kiss on her cheek.

A Rogue never took a hit without paying it back.

-----

In the living room, the wrapping paper tube had rolled over to the far wall, and was now resting atop one of the heating vents.

Tycho's design choice was impeccable – an arctic teal and turquoise base layer with swirls of glittering silver throughout, all of which wove together to produce a mirage of cascading blues and whites. Even in the relatively warm lighting of Winter's apartment, the paper sparkled like sheets of snow and ice on a freezing body of water.

It looked exactly like Lake Aldera in the wintertime. (edited)
Image attachment
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 12/21/2024 1:16 PM
Winter was still red as she walked back to her living room. She was immensely grateful for Tycho's help, who was dutifully chopping vegetables in the kitchen. Hopefully, he would be able to prepare the roast kulkan and other dishes so all she had to do was put it in the oven the next day.

She picked out a present from her bags to start wrapping - a Cerean puzzle cube for Anakin, aimed at older children but not too challenging for him. Looking around for the wrapping paper, she spotted it on the vent and was struck by how how Alderaanian it looked, as if Tycho had chosen a design plucked right out of her childhood.

"Come on, Winter!"

Leia Organa sprinted outside the Royal Palace, bundled in a puffy white winter coat and equally white thermal pants. Her normally braided hair was down, whipping behind her as she ran. Winter chased after her, dressed just as warmly and with only half of her hair done up in braids. At this time, she and Winter were 9 standard years old.

Her sister had sped through getting ready in the morning and only directed her to follow her outside, promising they would be back for Winter's Heart festivities later. Leia beelined toward the expansive forest that surrounded Aldera, where they often played as children and would later visit when they wanted a quiet time to themselves during university.

"Where are we going?!" Winter cried out, panting heavily. She was barely keeping up with Leia.

Leia only picked up speed. As they made it past the snowy trees and saw sunlight, she got the answer to her question.

They stood right in the perimeter of Lake Aldera, completely frozen over. (edited)
Leia ran up to the rocky edges and peered over. Winter stood a further distance away, observing. The lake was just as breath-taking up close as it was from her bedroom in the palace. It was a bright aqua blue and glittered under Alderaan's sun. Up close like this, Winter could also see the white outlines of waves, transfixed in ice, crisscrossing swirls of snow that powdered the lake.

"I wanted some time for just us," Leia said. "It's no fun to have to be diplomatic all the time around the adults."

Her choice of location to sneak out made Winter think this wasn't Leia's first time here. Her suspicions were raised when Leia walked over to a large pile of rocks by the shore and started rifling through them, grabbing a fistful of rocks.

"Let's play croupet." Leia held out a palm of pebbles to Winter. "With a board drawn out in the snow. I saw other kids doing it."

"Okay."

The girls would be so caught up in their game that they were several hours late to Winter's Heart, with numb fingers and cheeks flushed from the cold, flashing secretive glances at another and seemingly laughing at nothing.

Smiling to herself from the memory, Winter reached down to grab the wrapping paper. (edited)
Avatar
Tycho Celchu BOT 12/21/2024 10:30 PM
Winter lifted the wrapping paper from the heating vent, but doing so took some effort. The tube was somewhat stuck to the ground, and releasing it took a couple good tugs.

It quickly became apparent why: On the bottom of the tube, right on the seam where the paper began, was fixed a sticker with bold, red lettering.

HEAT-ACTIVATED, KEEP IN COOL ENVIRONMENT

Sure enough, the wrapping paper had adhered to itself and to the roll it was coiled around, refusing to come loose for proper usage. Winter could only barely get her fingers underneath the seam, the paper resisting any and all attempts to be pulled apart, clinging with all of the chemical force of cheap, too-effective adhesive compound.

And yet, she was so close. Maybe if she just yanked hard enough...
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 12/22/2024 5:43 PM
Winter stared at the roll of wrapping paper in her hand, internally debating whether it was worth peeling it off.

"Self-adhesive, huh..."

She glanced over at the presents, and then over at Tycho, who was intensely focused on starting the broth for the Alderaan stew. He was hunched over his datapad with the itinerary, studying it carefully, surrounded by vegetables and an assortment of spices Winter couldn't name. She certainly couldn't bother him right now.

Carefully, she slid her thumb across the seam, looking for any loose edge. However, it seemed to have adhered to itself fully. She dug her thumbnail underneath a random spot, gripped the paper with her forefinger, and pulled as hard as she could. (edited)
Avatar
Tycho Celchu BOT 12/24/2024 11:45 PM
At first, Winter's efforts didn't seem to be doing much at all. Her tugging yielded no results, the wrapping paper remaining firmly, frustratingly adhered to itself and to its tube.

Eventually, one final fierce yank yielded success. However, rather than just a few inches of paper being freed, all of it unfurled from the tube at once. A loud RRRRRRIIIIIIIIIP filled the air as the paper was detached from the tube, doing so with such speed and force that it was sent flying out of Winter's hand and soaring across the room.

The sudden noise prompted Tycho to direct his attention away from cooking, turning around just in time to catch the paper... with his face.

He stumbled backwards and slammed into the counter, sending cutlery and vegetables tumbling onto the floor. A muffled yell escaped his throat as he reached up and tried to pry the paper off of his face, but it had instantly adhered to his skin, leaving his head and upper torso cocooned in sparkling silver and sapphire like some kind of winter-themed mummy.
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 12/26/2024 5:02 PM
"Tycho!"

Winter dropped the now-empty wrapping paper tube onto the floor, and grabbed the scissors on her table. She ran up to Tycho in the kitchen. However, on her way, she tripped over a kebroot tuber that Tycho inadvertently knocked over onto the floor, dropping her scissors and crashing onto her knees and elbows with a loud THUD!

Tycho was flailing about and trying to speak, but only muffled, concerned sounds came out.

"I'm fine!" Winter reassured him, rubbing her joints. "I just tripped!"

On the floor, she scrambled for the scissors she dropped. When she picked them up, she stood up shakily, holding onto the countertop with her free hand for support.

"I'm so, so sorry! Let me help."

She examined where the wrapping paper was adhered to Tycho, looking for any loose edges. It had managed to coil around him in several layers, covering his head, neck, and shoulders. As she was about to ask Tycho to hold still, the scissors broke apart in her hands into two halves of a blade and handle. She stared at them in disbelief for a moment before swallowing.

"The scissors broke," she informed him, sounding more panicked than she intended. "Let me try, um..." She looked around the kitchen, which has seen more activity in it than in all of the time she lived here. The pot of broth Tycho had been working on was still boiling on the stove. She noticed a clean knife Tycho had opened but hadn't used yet and took them.

"I have a knife, hold still." Winter ran the knife up the wrapping paper adhered to his shoulder, cutting jaggedly but getting through the several layers. The wrapping paper came loose easily enough from his shirt, but still stuck to his skin. She placed the knife back down and started peeling with her fingers. Like when she first managed to pry the wrapping paper off the tube, she grabbed the sides of the paper she cut through with her fingers and prepared to yank it free.

"This might hurt a bit."
Avatar
Tycho Celchu BOT 1/2/2025 10:57 AM
Tycho continued trying to speak, but his words were still muffled by the gorgeous wrapping paper that was constricting and suffocating him. It sounded like he was trying to say something urgent, something specific, but Winter had no way of knowing what it was while he was still trapped. He was probably running out of air. Time was of the essence.

As before, the paper didn't immediately come loose. Tycho grunted and groaned as Winter yanked and tugged, pulling his skin along with him. He grabbed her bicep and squeezed tight.

Time was up. It was now or never.

Again, as before, with one final mighty pull, Winter managed to release the paper, freeing Tycho from his glittering prison. It peeled off of Tycho's skin like an old bandage, tugging his flesh along with it. Thankfully, the bond was not strong enough to actually rip Tycho's skin from his bones, nor did it pull any of his hair out from the roots.

It still looked like it hurt, though.

"AAAAAAAAAAAUUUUGH!!!" Tycho cried out, squeezing Winter's bicep. He reached up with his free hand, poking at his face, which was now red and tender from the pulling.

"Cold!" He exclaimed. "That's what I was trying to tell you! Cold deactivates the adhesive! Ice would've worked fine!"
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 1/5/2025 5:22 PM
Winter reddened at Tycho's raw, tender face and looked down at the torn glittery paper in her hands. While torn, it was at least salvageable, and she could still wrap presents with it, she thought. But that's not what was important right now.

"I'm sorry! I panicked!" Winter reached to touch Tycho's face to soothe it, but he flinched at her touch.

"I think I have a cooling pack in the fridge."

As an agent of the New Republic, bodyguard-and-babysitter to the Solo children, former Rebellion spy, and Leia's most trusted confidant, it would be an understatement to call Winter competent. She wasn't arrogant, but she was very well aware of her own intelligence and resourcefulness.

The past day however, has been threatening that perception of herself.

She opened her mostly-empty freezer and grabbed the cooling pack, then gently held it to his face.
Avatar
Tycho Celchu BOT 1/6/2025 3:52 PM
Tycho inhaled sharply when Winter brought the cooling pack to his face. He immediately reached up and planted his hand over hers, pressing the chilly implement even harder against his raw skin. He closed his eyes, his breathing slowing until his chest was rising and falling in long, steady heaves, sweat beading down his face.

After a few moments, he let out a small, shaky laugh.

"Stang.... you're lucky I'm crazy about you."
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 1/7/2025 12:40 AM
At Tycho's words, Winter blushed, more than just embarrassed at her blunder earlier. She pressed the cooling pack harder against his face when Tycho applied pressure, and then slowly worked her way around with his guidance to soothe his stinging face.

The sounds of broth boiling in the background were less of a reminder and more of a nag to Winter.

"It smells good in here," she murmured. "Smells like home."

Tycho did not need Winter's eidetic memory to know exactly what she was talking about. The recipe Winter had found for Alderaanian stew had been nearly a perfect replica. From Winter's research into memory, olfactory regions in human brains were most closely linked to the amygdala and hippocampus - in other words, smells were often strong triggers for memories. Thanks to Tycho's cooking, her apartment was filled with a warm sense of nostalgia that Winter had been hoping for. 

"I'll leave you to it."

Somewhat reluctantly, Winter walked back to the living room with the wrapping paper and the knife. She laid the paper out on the table, kneeled down, and began her work wrapping the gifts. She held up each item appreciatively, as if she were imbuing her emotions for the person into it before she wrapped it.

As it turned out, she was not much better with this task either. The edges were jagged and each present looked like a crumpled heap of glitter. However, it was finally done, and Winter pretended not to notice the flash of dismay that appeared on Tycho's face before he praised her for getting all of the presents wrapped.

The rest of the day was thankfully just as uneventful. Tycho had managed to get a lot of the feast prepared beforehand and crammed it all into Winter's apartment fridge, and he left her a list of what needed to be done the next day to finish the cooking.

When Winter went to bed that night, she dreamt of spending a Winter's Heart feast with the Solos and Tycho.
--- (edited)
"Mistress Jaina! Do I need to remind you that as a protocol droid, I am not designed to--"

Whatever Threepio was going to finish his sentence with was drowned out by Jacen's snowball landing squarely onto the droid's face. He recoiled and fell backward into the snow, his back cushioned by the coat Winter had given him. The boy cheered and pumped his fist in the air.

Today was officially when Winter's recreation of Winter's Heart started, and the Solo children were already full in the spirit of it. Winter had met Threepio and the Solo children early in the morning, bundled up in their bulkiest thermal wear, at Manarai Mountain Range for the first part of the day: snow-related activities. Earlier, they had made a snow grompa, and the children attempted to create other snow sculptures - Threepio, Dad, Mom's hair, and an X-wing, from Mom's hair. The snowball fight had finally got them to stop asking for presents. Winter thought of those festive mornings from her childhood, where she snuck out of the Palace with Leia to play in the snow, and realized why their parents were so slow to find them.

"That's no fair!" Jaina shouted, pointing an accusing finger at Jacen. "You and Ani can use the Force, but my team only has me!"

"That's why you have both Winter and Threepio on your team, dummy!"

While Jacen was distracted arguing with Jaina, Winter threw her snowball at him, landing a direct hit on his chest. Jacen fell dramatically, clutching at where the snowball had landed. Jaina erupted into a fit of giggles, falling and rolling into the snowy ground. The snowfall was high enough that when she was lying down, her body was completely submerged, with only the hood from her jacket poking through.

"Don't call your sister names."

Jaina was still laughing on the ground, completely unaware that she was about to repeat her twin's mistake. Anakin had managed to sneak past Winter and Threepio, carrying a large pile of snow in his arms. (edited)
Avatar
The Solo Children BOT 1/12/2025 8:05 PM
The carefully controlled climate of Coruscant rarely called for winter clothing. Even the Manarai Mountains, with their peaks scraping the clouds, were usually kept summery all year-round. This had especially been the case during the height of the Empire, so as to promote constant tourism and expensive event hosting. This had had the unintended effect of parching the soil and disrupting the ecosystem, causing the near-extinction of several species that had relied on what brief winters the old Republic had originally allowed.

However, just last year, the Science Council of the New Republic Senate had pushed through a new program wherein, through the use of climate-altering machinery and maintenance droids, a more natural system of seasons would be simulated throughout the mountain range to heal the severely dehydrated environment.

Their timing couldn't have been any better.

The Solo children were all bundled up in their winter gear, clad in white padded coats and thick snow pants, as well as matching thermal hats and gloves. All three of them were sporting scarves of different colours – Jacen's was green, Jaina's purple, and Anakin's a deep violet, so big on him that it covered his mouth and nose.

It muffled his breathing as he trudged up to Jaina, who was so caught in throes of laughter that she only sensedi her younger brother's presence when it was already too late. Before she could turn around, Anakin tugged her jacket's collar back, creating an opening into which he stuffed the snow into, packing it against her bare back.

"AAAAAIIIIK!!!!!" Jaina screamed and turned around, shoving Anakin into the snow. "You little brat! I wasn't looking!"

Anakin giggled in the little snow-crater his body had created, staring devilishly up at his sister. Jacen began laughing even harder, tears streaming down his face.
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 1/17/2025 12:33 AM
Jaina shrieked with both discomfort from the snow and laughter. The protocol droid that had been assigned to (or rather, burdened) her team decided he needed to retaliate, regardless of trying to teach the children good behaviour. It was more important they understood consequences.

Threepio bent down to the snow beneath him, packing snow into as close to a perfect sphere as it could get. To Winter, the droid was far from discreet as he shambled over to Jacen, but the boy was busy praising Anakin for his attack toward their sister. It was now or never.

Threepio flung the snowball as hard as he could toward Jacen, who turned around just in time... to see the snowball land a few feet in front of him.

"Oh... oh dear." Before the droid could run away, however, Jacen picked up a snowball from a pile he had already prepared and threw it toward Threepio, landing a second hit on his face. The droid shook his head wildly. 

That was the last time Threepio was going to choose violence.

"We win!" Jacen cried, grabbing Anakin's hand and raising his arm in the air with his. Anakin was grinning with a smile Winter only saw when he had solved a particularly difficult puzzle, or when Leia and Han came home early from work that day.

Jaina stood up immediately, smiling despite her team's loss. She spun around, trying to shake off the snow Anakin had poured down her back without taking her jacket off.

"Again! Again!"

Winter's expression faded slightly. She was caught up with watching the children having fun, and had been trying to ignore the nagging at the back of her mind reminding her she needed to continue her itinerary for the rest of the day. Despite her careful planning, there weren't ever enough hours in the day when it came with the Solo children.

No sooner did she say, "It's time for me to go back" that the twins cried out, "No!" simultaneously. (edited)
Anakin was the first one to cling to her thermal-pants clad leg, surprising Winter, considering his siblings were usually faster. Jacen ran up to her and clung to her side, and Jaina hugged around Anakin. She was used to this song and dance, but she felt more reluctant than usual, and briefly considered staying longer.

She moved her legs back exaggeratedly, and the children tightened their grips on her. She lifted the leg Anakin was hugging, slowly, and wiggled it in the air.

"Your dad will be coming to meet you soon," she coaxed, continuing to move backward. Winter wasn't weak by any means, but she and the children were bundled in thermal wear. She wondered how Han dealt with three children always climbing on him. "Then when you get home, we can continue Winter's Heart inside, okay?"

"And you'll get your presents," Threepio chimed in.

At the magic word, Jacen and Jaina let go immediately, and Anakin slowly peeled himself off of Winter. She knelt down and gave each of the boys a lingering hug. Before she hugged Jaina, she unzipped the girl's jacket and brushed off as much snow from her back as she could. Once finished, Jaina ran back to her brothers to interrupt whatever scheme they were planning for the snowball fight rematch.

As Winter walked back to her speeder, she thought of the last time she had said goodbye to Bail and Breha Organa.
--- (edited)
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 1/17/2025 10:43 AM
When she got home, Winter tossed her thermalwear on the floor by the heating vent and headed straight for her closet. She changed into a long, white gown with flared sleeves - a traditional Alderaanian style and wardrobe staple for her - and draped a white, translucent shawl with intricate floral patterning on top. 

Winter tallied all of the food Tycho lovingly prepared the previous day as she spread them over her kitchen counter. The aroma of hearty broth still lingered in her apartment.

Tycho wouldn't be able to come until later, when she had planned the festivities to start, so she had to make multiple trips to bring the food to the Solos' apartment. She decided to start with the large pot containing the stew, carrying it by the handles on either side, along with a bag of ingredients for the stew hanging by her shoulder. The stew needed the most time to finish preparing.

She headed down the hallways of the Presidential Palace toward the Solos' apartment, pretending not to notice the strange looks she was receiving from the people passing by. It was unusual for the busy residents of the Palace to do their own cooking, and they often outsourced it to droids or dined out. It was especially unusual to see the Solos' babysitter carrying cookware. She briefly wondered if this is what it was like when Tycho met her at her apartment the day before.

When she arrived at the door, she carefully lowered the pot by her feet. She had underestimated how heavy it was, and she took a moment to catch her breath. She dug into her coat pocket, pulling out a keycard, and scanned it. The door hissed as it slid open. (edited)
Avatar
The Solo Children BOT 1/17/2025 9:49 PM
The lights in the apartment were off and the holographic blinds on the windows were activated, leaving the living room shrouded in darkness, illuminated only by the light from the hallway. Winter could make out the outline of tinsel and spherical ornaments lining the walls. At a glance, it looked like Threepio had done a good job decorating.

It was only when Winter stepped into the apartment and the lights came on that reality set in.

The silvery tinsel shimmered obnoxiously in the normally warm light of the living room, almost so brightly that it hurt. They lined the space in broad, inverted parabolas, every wall covered in at least half a dozen or more rows of the stuff. At the lowest point of each parabola were affixed various sapphire-coloured bulbs and other assorted ornaments, each one inlaid with a different silver pattern. The ornaments were visibly weighing down the tinsel, making it droop dangerously low, straining its exhausted wall fixtures.

Between the rows of tinsel were plastered paintings of stock Winter's Heart scenes. From a distance, they looked serviceable enough. However, upon closer inspection, the stomach-churning uncanniness became apparent; children sporting too-big smiles as they frolicked in the snow; too many people crowded around the feast table, ogling a roast kulkan that looked just a little too glossy and perfect; people exchanging gifts of indiscernible nature, almagamations of toy and tool held in hands with too many fingers.

Paintings like this also sat framed on the coffee table and every other furniture surface, surrounded by glistening set pieces that matched the offensively sparkly nature of the wall decorations. So many decorative snowflakes hung from the ceiling that it was impossible to see past them, and many of them were at head-level or lower.

To call it all "garish" would be an understatement. No, it was the horrible blend of kitsch and frightening that only a droid without proper direction was capable of. (edited)
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 1/18/2025 12:59 AM
Winter's mouth hung open as she looked around the gaudy apartment, moving the hanging snowflake decorations that dangled at eye level to get a clearer view. She blinked, once, and then several times, as if the sight in front of her was going to change. In one painting, a small child holding a wrapped present that blended into his fingers had eyes that seemed to follow Winter's every move. He sported an eerie grin that unsettled her more than anything else in the apartment.

Slowly, she recalled her conversation with Threepio from the day before. He had expressed "running some ideas" by her, but she was too caught up with preparation and didn't have time to guide him. She had trusted within his large stores of knowledge was a sense of design, but it seemed all of those reference materials she had loaded into his data bank were only to her detriment.

Eidetic memory was a curse, she decided.

Winter started pulling at the snowflakes to take them down, which both helped give her a better view and cleared the way so she wasn't constantly running into them. She also tore down the painting with the particularly creepy child, but it didn't help with her feelings of being watched, especially as she was still surrounded by these uncanny depictions of people celebrating Winter's Heart. However, she didn't have time to take down the offensive decorations right now.

She moved the pot of broth onto the stove, and set it to a low boil, as per the recipe. Tycho had cut the meat and vegetables that went into the Alderaanian stew, so she simply dropped them in the pot, and then placed the lid over it. She also started preheating the oven for the roast. 

Winter started to feel grateful she had to make several trips back to get the rest of the food.
---
"No, no, no!"

The normally stoic agent of the Republic silently cursed to herself while she stood over the stove in the Solo kitchen. She frantically fanned the smoke coming out of the oven. She pulled the door open and gasped at the sight of a burnt roast kulkan.

Although Winter had followed the instructions in the recipe to the letter, it somehow had burned. She recalled that the roast was often done over an open flame. The pot the kulkan had been placed in was also of a different material than the one specified in the recipe. She assumed the recipe she had found could translate to the equipment of the Presidential Palace kitchens, but it was an old recipe that followed traditional Alderaanian methods. Tycho's notes on the roast were littered with uncertainties and questions, but she didn't realize just how difficult the roast would be, and she had just ruined all of his hard work.

Disheartened, Winter turned the oven off and shut the door, hoping to contain the smell. The roast kulkan was the centrepiece of every Winter's Heart feast, and it was going to be very difficult to get one in the next few hours before the Solo family and the rest of the guests were going to arrive. Because she had to prepare the food, she didn't have time to redo the decorations, either. She pulled another snowflake garland down in frustration. 

She slumped on the ground by her pile of presents, remembering that she couldn't even procure an InGear for the children. What was she to do? Could she even salvage this?

Winter needed a hero. (edited)
Avatar
Luke Skywalker BOT 1/19/2025 7:05 PM
Although Winter had closed the oven, the stench of burnt, leathery meat still permeated throughout the apartment, giving the already pitiable scene a rank, aromatic accent. All around Winter, the monstrous caricatures Threepio had generated grinned and gawked silently at her, almost as if to mock her for her efforts. For even trying.

Suddenly, one of the decorative snowflakes dropped from the ceiling and fluttered slowly down towards the floor. However, it stopped just short of the carpet, hovering in place.

This happened a second, and then a third, then a fourth and fifth time. One by one, the remaining snowflakes were invisibly plucked from their fastenings and fell delicately down, forming a patterned paper blanket above the floor. Once every snowflake had been pruned, they hovered in place for a moment before floating towards Winter, swirling around her in a broad, gentle orbit. Each snowflake seemed to dance in the air, bouncing, swaying, and twirling rhythmically. It was like something out of an old children's holoplay.

Then, without warning, all of the snowflakes zipped away from Winter, shooting towards the other side of the room, where they formed into a crumbled paper ball in a gloved black hand.

Tracing the hand up its arm revealed a short, slender body, clad in a black Jedi's tunic and trousers, atop which sat a head which sported fluffy blond hair, clear blue eyes, and a big, amused grin.

"Well," Luke Skywalker said with a huff, "it looks like we have a situation on our hands, don't we Lady Winter?"
Image attachment
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 1/20/2025 4:43 PM
At first, Winter didn't notice the snowflake pieces falling to the ground. Her head was half-buried in her knees hugged close to her chest. But as the snowflakes danced and swirled around Winter, she slowly lifted her head up, mesmerized by the sight. She peeled herself from wallowing in her self-pity on the ground and sat up just as the blasted decorative snowflakes crumpled up in Luke Skywalker's gloved hand.

"You're early, Skywalker."

If Winter was embarrassed, her face didn't betray it. She straightened out the skirt of her dress and kept an even tone in her voice, as if she wasn't just sulking on the ground, the stench of burnt kulkan wasn't permeating the air, surrounded by obnoxious decorations plastering the walls.

This was the first time Winter was talking to Skywalker in a casual setting without the buffer of others around them. She often saw him when she was with Leia, or the children, but otherwise kept a distance from the Jedi Master. She probably should talk to him more, she thought. She had quite a few questions for him about the Force, relating to her plans to guard the children and protect them against kidnapping attempts. 

"This was Threepio's work," Winter explained, gesturing around her. "I guess droids lack a sense of design."

She paused, and then swallowed awkwardly.

"And what you're smelling is the roast kulkan. What's left of it, anyway."

Winter opened her mouth, but just as quickly closed it. Although she didn't say it aloud, the question on her face was clear.

Can you help me fix this? (edited)
Avatar
Luke Skywalker BOT 1/21/2025 8:51 AM
Luke took a moment to survey the room more carefully. After a moment or so, he clicked his tongue.

"Yeah, this looks like Threepio alright..."

He turned around, tossing the ball of crumpled snowflakes onto the ground near the door. As he moved, it became apparent that he was carrying something under his arm. It was a broad mass, wrapped in brown paper which was itself bound together by several lengths of white string. The bottom of the paper was damp, suggesting the mass was moist.

"I sensed something was awry when I arrived on Coruscant a few hours ago. I figured it behooved me to arrive a little early." 

Luke walked towards Winter, squatting down to be eye-level with her. He brought the mass out in front of him, holding it out to her.

"Kulkan, right? I'm ashamed to admit I had to ask around a bit. Luckily, I ran into an Alderaanian woman who showed me where to get one."
Avatar
Winter Retrac BOT 1/27/2025 1:58 PM
Winter's eyes widened at the package containing the kulkan, her mouth agape. 

How did he know? How could he possibly have-- oh, right, Winter realized. This was another application of the Force she was still not accustomed to. While she used her perfect recall of past memories, Jedi were able to sense the future. Thinking back on it, Leia was often able to sense when something bad was about to happen even in mundane situations. It was strange to constantly re-contextualize her memories of Leia as a Force-sensitive, and it was something that both seemed to fit perfectly in her mind and surprise her every time.

Thankfully, with Skywalker's forethought, there was still time to make another roast.

"Yes, of course," she answered, quickly getting up to her feet. She reached out to take the kulkan from his hands. "I think I know what went wrong with the last one. I'll lower the temperature this time. The pot I used before heated up too quickly, so I'll use--"

Winter interrupted herself mid-sentence and looked up at Skywalker, suddenly flushed with embarrassment. "Thank you, I mean. For the kulkan. And for your help."
Exported 43 message(s)
Timezone: UTC-5
